Telcodocs 780 410 revert changes to pre 47172 (#49218)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/hardware_networks/using-pod-level-bonding.adoc

:FeatureName: Bond Container Network Interface (CNI)
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Bonding at the pod level is vital to enable workloads inside pods that require high availability and more throughput. With pod-level bonding, you can create a bond interface from multiple single root I/O virtualization (SR-IOV) virtual function interfaces in a kernel mode interface. The SR-IOV virtual functions are passed into the pod and attached to a kernel driver.

One scenario where pod level bonding is required is creating a bond interface from multiple SR-IOV virtual functions on different physical functions. Creating a bond interface from two different physical functions on the host can be used to achieve high availability and throughput at pod level.

[NOTE]
====

> The current functionality of Bond CNI is available only in active-backup mode - for further details, see link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2037214[*BZ#2037214*].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current functionality of Bond CNI is available only in active-backup mode. For more information, see link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2037214[*BZ#2037214*].
```
Inline links should be introduced with "For more information" [1]

[1] https://docs.engineering.redhat.com/display/CCSENABLE/Inline+links
